Integrating fast_float to optionally replace strtod (#1260)
valkey-io/valkey: deps/README.md

2. Copy updated files from newer version onto files in /hdr_histogram.
3. Apply the changes from 1 above to the updated files.

fast_float 
---
The fast_float library provides fast header-only implementations for the C++ from_chars
functions for `float` and `double` types as well as integer types.  These functions convert ASCII strings representing decimal values (e.g., `1.3e10`) into binary types. We provide exact rounding (including

> round to even). In our experience, these `fast_float` functions many times faster than comparable number-parsing functions from existing C++ standard libraries.

Reviewer: "We" and "In our experience" are not our words. I think it's better to just refer to fast float as "it". Also, I'm not sure if all of this is relevant.

```suggestion
functions for `float` and `double` types as well as integer types.  These functions convert ASCII strings representing decimal values (e.g., `1.3e10`) into binary types.
The functions are much faster than comparable number-parsing functions from existing C++ standard libraries.
```

> Specifically, `fast_float` provides the following two functions to parse floating-point numbers with a C++17-like syntax (the library itself only requires C++11):

Reviewer: This doesn't seem relevant.

But what I think is very important to mention is the distinction between the external dependency and our integration code. That was the source of this long debate.

```suggestion
The `fast_float` directory contains the C++ header file from the fast float project.
The `fast_float_integration` directory contains code to be able to use fast float from C. The integration code is written for Valkey. It's not from the fast float project.
```
